♪
(man)
Please unbuckle
your seatbelts
and fold down
your tray tables.
We'll be landing
shortly‐‐
I mean, do the opposite.
Sorry, first day.
(man 2)
Congratulations on
the successful negotiations,
Madame Chairwoman.
Thank you, Claude.
It seems that everything is
going according to plan so far.
And what a plan it is,
to grow the Leo Institute
to new heights.
Oh, it will be grand.
Very soon with the help
of the Leo Institute
dueling will touch
every part of the globe..
It will become
an entire way of life.
Yes, your hard work is starting
to show and the President
is pleased with
the results,
but...
But what?
While you were gone,
Madame Chairwoman,
there were some,
shall we say,
intriguing developments here.
Developments that all seem to
stem from something called
Pendulum Summoning.
Pendulum?
♪ (Hey hey)
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me
competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best
one day you make history ♪
♪ Swing into action ♪
♪ Are you ready to play ♪
♪ Challenge anyone anywhere
(Go) ♪
♪ Any day
(C'mon) ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance ♪
♪ Go ahead and roll the dice
(Okay) ♪
♪ See if it's in your cards ♪
♪ If you will
pay the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell
let your powers come to life ♪
♪ (Go)
It's show time ♪
♪ Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ (Whoa)
I'm ready to duel ♪
♪ Go ahead and make
your move ♪
♪ (Go go go go) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose ♪
♪ (Can you feel the power?) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
you can't beat my rules ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪
(Declan)
Welcome back, Mother.
Ah, Declan...
Have you heard of a new
summoning method?
From what I hear
it's unlike Fusion,
Synchro or Xyz summoning.
From what I hear,
it's unlike anything
that the world has
ever seen before.
Yes, Mother...
It's true.
I think you'd
better sit down...
These bits of footage we've
compiled tell the whole story.
I'll use Stargazer Magician
and Timegazer Magician
to set the Pendulum Scale!
I'm taking control
of this duel starting now!
I'm allowed to summon monsters
from Level 2 through 7
all at the same time!
Swing far, Pendulum!
Carve the arc of victory!
My monsters are ready
to swing into action!
(man)
Sir, I picked up an
unusual summoning signal
from the city's
coastal zone.
The reading is off the charts!
(man 2)
Analysis, quick!
I have the results, sir.
If the wave patterns are
correct, then someone
is using pendulum energy!
How can this be?
By way of a new type of card
known quite aptly
as a Pendulum card.
As you saw, by utilizing two of
them, you can summon numerous
high‐level monsters...
It's a powerful technique.
These cards...
Where'd they come from?
We have our best people looking
into that as we speak.
So far, they haven't
been able to find anything.
But I found a lead that
is quite promising,
and I think you will feel
the same way, dear Mother.
I'm intrigued.
Please, go on.
It's in regard to the duelist
who first used these cards.
His name is Yuya Sakaki.
He's a 14 year‐old who attends
a cut rate duel school
known as You Show.
He's in the Junior Arc League
and his duel record
is 46 matches
with 26 wins
and 20 losses.
So he's an average
duelist at best.
Surely, Declan...
You're not suggesting that
someone like this could be
responsible for pioneering such
a cutting edge duel technique.
Did I mention he's
Yusho Sakaki's son?
Yusho Sakaki?
The same Yusho Sakaki that
vanished years ago?
Are you saying he's back,
and back to cause us trouble?
I don't know
but we must find out.
And I may have a way...
Yes?
Just the other day,
I received reports of an
incident not far off campus.
Uh‐huh.
A duelist was sent
to the hospital after a duel.
He says the one responsible
was Yuya Sakaki.
(Sylvio)
Yuya Sakaki's going to pay!
He's the one
who did this to me!
He tried to hide behind
that mask...
But I know!
(man)
I Xyz Summon
Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon!
(Sylvio)
I'm so mad it hurts!
Yeah, 'cause you're hitting
yourself with your cast.
Hard, too.
Quiet!
Now...
You three were there, too,
and you saw him...
Right?
Of course, yeah!
Yeah, for sure!
It's true!
We totally agree
with you, bro!
So totally agree!
That means you won't thump us
with your cast, right?
(man)
The only one
getting thumped...
Will be Yuya,
because when you mess
with Sylvio,
you mess with me!
And if you've forgotten, I'm
Sylvio's father and mayoral
candidate Furio Sawatari
and these tears I shed
for my son are sincere!
After all, I'm a family man,
a man of the people!
Wow...
He'll do anything
for a vote, won't he?
Yeah...
You know, aside
from actual work.
Dad!
Hey, lose that smile!
If I'm gonna get the sympathy
vote you need to look infirmed,
okay?
Sorry, Pop.
Will do!
(Madame Chairwoman)
Oh, there's our poor
little patient,
however are
you coping, Sylvio?
(Furio)
Madame Chairwoman,
when did you get back?
Just this morning, councilman,
and seeing Sylvio was
first on my to‐do list.
Well, you grace
us with your presence!
So kind of you.
Such a thing that happened‐‐
this delinquent doing harm
to your sweet boy...
And I'm certain that you're
steaming mad and prepared to do
whatever it takes to see
that justice is served?
How's this for steaming?
In fact, I'm calling for
Yuya's arrest right now!
Actually...
What if you let me handle
this little matter for you?
After all, you want
to be mayor, correct?
And a mayor delegates, right?
Huh.
I guess...
This way you'll
project power.
You think so?
Sure.
The voters will love it.
So why don't you
just relax
and leave everything to me.
(Skip)
Good morning class,
today we'll be
learning all about how to
summon in a duel.
First up, the Normal Summon.
This is the most basic summoning
method where you take a monster
from your hand
then place it face‐up
in attack mode
on the field.
Now who can explain
a Tribute Summoning?
Anyone?
You, Tate.
Tell us.
Sure!
A Tribute Summoning is similar
to a Normal Summoning...
However, there is
one key difference:
when calling out a Level 5
or 6 monster,
one must tribute
a monster on your field.
If it's Level 7‐or‐above,
then one must
tribute two monsters.
That's right!
Bravo...
Someone's been studying.
This lesson is boring.
Seriously, what time
is lunch?
Right now!
Because I'm Fusion Summoning
my mashed potatoes...
With yogurt...
To create...
The new food craze...
mashed pogurt!
So sour and starchy.
Hey, you're being rude...
Oh, sorry.
Yeah, you're right.
I should be sharing!
No, what I mean...
Is that you shouldn't be eating
in class like that.
Am I right, Zuzu?
Uh, earth to Zuzu...
Uh... Hello?
You there?
I just don't understand...
She's been spacey
since yesterday.
So strange...
Was that Yuya?
I just... don't know...
Hm, hope she's okay.
I'm worried.
All right, next we'll be going
over Fusion Summoning,
so which of you would
like to volunteer?
Next I Fusion Summon,
this donut
and Principal Boyle's bagel!
Here goes!
Hey!
Not cool!
I was saving that!
Hey, Dad...
Xyz Summon!
Xyz Summon?
Since we're learning
about summoning today,
can you teach us
how to Xyz Summon?
No, I'm afraid not.
After all, I can't teach
what I don't know!
Xyz is one of the trickiest
types of summoning there is.
Why, you know someone
who's mastered it, Zuzu?
I'm...
Not sure...
Uh, you cool?
Yeah.
Don't mind me.
(Zuzu)
I just don't know
what to believe.
Was that mystery duelist
Yuya or not?
Should I trust in what I saw
or is there a better way to‐‐
(Gong)
How dare you!
You've made the Gong angry!
Now things get ugly!
What now?
What's the big brouhaha?
Something's brewin'...
But it's no
ha‐ha matter.
Gong was working out doing
duel sprints when he saw some
suspicious characters loitering
on your campus
and confronted them!
They're accusing Yuya
of hurting their pal
Sylvio in a duel!
Yuya?
Me‐ya?
Don't lie!
You totally know
it was you!
Yeah that's right,
we saw you with
our very own eyes!
We sure did...
And she did, too.
Wait, she who?
One of Yuya's good friends...
Right... Zuzu?
(both gasping)
(all)
C'mon, it's true...
Don't deny it, Zuzu!
(gasping)
They're crazy,
Zuzu, right?
They're making this all up.
Or...
Aren't they?
(Clancy)
Making what up?
That Zuzu was there and saw
everything that happened!
Yuya, you're so through!
(gasping)
(Tate)
No, he's not!
Yuya would never
hurt someone like you say!
It was Sylvio who
wanted to hurt Yuya!
And Zuzu only
confronted him
'cause she
wanted to protect Yuya!
Hold on there!
You're saying that Zuzu
confronted Sylvio?
Yeah!
So then...
That means...
The true culprit's Zuzu?
No!
If this guy's
the teacher...
I feel bad
for the students.
Like we said,
Yuya's the guilty one!
And now, poor Sylvio...
He's holed up
in the hospital.
For real?
Oh, no!
And they say...
He may never
duel again!
So tasty!
(Clancy)
Poor, bedridden, Sylvio...
How do you sleep
at night, Yuya?
Uh... with pillows mostly.
Zuzu, why don't
you say something.
You were there.
You know I didn't
hurt Sylvio!
Yeah.
I was there, Yuya...
Uh‐huh.
Ah!
So strange...
Was that Yuya?
I just... don't know...
Hold on...
Are you saying I could
do this, Zuzu?
No, I‐‐
(sighing)
(Clancy)
And there you have it.
Your own friend won't
even defend you.
And now you'll pay.
Pay?
He'll pay how?
(sirens approaching)
Maybe you can
just pay with loose change,
come on, everyone, empty out
your pockets now!
(Madame Chairwoman)
Perhaps I can be
of some assistance.
(Skip)
I know you.
You're Henrietta Akaba...
Yes.
Chairwoman of the Leo Institute
of Dueling.
Why don't we all
have a little talk?
(Clancy)
We scared 'em all
real good just like you said.
(Claude)
And here's your reward.
Now then, off with you.
Thank you for having me.
(Skip)
It's our pleasure.
I only wish it was under
better circumstances.
But I'm afraid we must deal with
the facts and the facts are that
Yuya has created
quite a row.
And now we must figure out
a way to make things right.
For the last time...
Did you do this?
No, no, no!
Why doesn't anyone
here believe me?
Not so fast there, Yuya.
Gong does.
Now who is with me?
C'mon, speak up!
We're all with you!
(grunts)
And you?
(nervous groan)
Yuya!
I know what my eyes
saw on that day...
But sometimes looks
can deceive...
Humph.
I‐‐
I...
It's okay, Zuzu.
Just...
Just say what's
in your heart then.
My heart?
My heart says your innocent!
How sweet.
But that changes nothing.
Because I have three witnesses
that say that Yuya is guilty.
So unless you want me to get
the authorities
involved in this,
I strongly suggest that you
listen to my following proposal,
and listen good.
As you know, I am the Chairwoman
of the Leo Institute,
the top duel school
in the whole world.
So what's that
have to do with Yuya?
Yuya made a fool
of our student!
(gasping)
This is now about honor!
Honor that we
have all lost!
But that we'll soon restore!
By way of our students
battling in a duel!
Is it hot or
is it just me?
(gasping)
If your school wins,
then I'll forget
about the Yuya incident,
but, if we win
the duel...
Then effective immediately,
the Leo Institute will take over
the You Show Duel School.
Take over?
No way!
How's taking it
over restore honor?
This seems pretty fishy,
if you ask Gong!
Yes, I agree.
Especially since I know
how the Leo Institute has been
aggressively expanding
across the globe.
You've been taking over duel
schools left and right,
and not always
in the nicest ways.
Tell me...
Did you set this all up
simply to take our school?
No, I did not.
But, I happen to be an
opportunist, so...
When I seen an opportunity
such as this,
I can't resist.
You see, there are three
ultimate summoning methods,
Fusion,
Synchro,
and of course Xyz.
But it's come to my attention
that there is now
a fourth method,
Pendulum.
And though I don't know why or
how, you're the only school
around that seems to have
any kind of connection to it.
And with all due respect,
the potential of Pendulum
Summoning is wasted here.
However, with the technological
resources of the Leo Corporation
it would positively flourish.
Why, there's no telling of all
the new monsters
and duel maneuvers
that could come of it.
The possibilities
are endless.
Come now,
doesn't that excite you?
Yeah, but the only way to
Pendulum Summon
is with Yuya's
Pendulum cards.
So it would seem, little one,
but why don't you just letme
worry about that?
I'm certain that
I will be able to figure out
some sort of solution.
(Henrietta)
And the solution is obvious.
When I take over the school,
I'll take over Yuya's deck.
Then I'll get to the bottom of
this Pendulum business,
and perhaps even more
importantly, determine whether
Yuya is a friend or a foe.
(Yuya)
You treat dueling
like it's a business...
But here we believe it's all
about show business!
Don't you see?
That's when dueling is
at its most powerful,
when it's used
to make people happy!
Not when it's used to push
people around in order to make
some big shot
school even bigger!
But if you really feel like your
school has lost its rep somehow
and that the only way you can
get it back is by way of a duel
then that's fine,
but that duel is gonna
have to be with me!
(hushed groan)
Atta boy, Yuya!
Gong totally feels the exact
same way that you do!
And because he does,
Gong's volunteering to face‐off
in a match, as well!
You can't duel!
We'd lose for sure!
(surprised gasp)
What I mean is, we'd be
disqualified because Gong
doesn't go to You Show and she
said students have to duel.
So forget the big guy back
there, if we're talking multiple
duels, talk to me!
Wait, did you say
forget about Gong?
That's totally
unacceptable!
Gong wants to duel,
Gong needs to duel!
It seems your students
have agreed to my terms,
but what say you?
What I say,
Madame Chairwoman...
... is you have a deal!
(all)
Let's duel!
♪
So that we're all in agreement,
we will have three separate
matches between three duelists
from my school
and three from yours.
Now then,
who's first?
Right here!
No, me!
A wise choice.
Starting your
strongest duelist first.
After all, getting blown out
in your first match
would be demoralizing.
Save the weak for last...
(Sora)
Who are you calling weak?
Let's arm wrestle,
right now, you and me!
(nervous laughing)
Keep it together...
Although, I highly doubt
that it will matter much
whoever duels first.
You see, the students
I've brought over
from the Leo Institute
are at the top of their class
and each one of them specializes
in a unique style of play.
The one facing Yuya
will be Dipper.
That's my name, and don't you
dare forget it,
or you'll pay...
We'll pay how?
(device beeping)
No way...
This guy's practically a pro!
Ja, it says he's already
metthe requirements to enter
this year's Championships!
Not just met them, Frederick.
His record
is off the charts!
When you're getting
ready for battle, Yuya,
there's just
one way to go!
And that's with a battle cry!
You ready?
Let's go!
I think I pulled something.
♪
Enjoy this while it lasts,
because I doubt
it will last long.
Now...
Shall we start?
(Skip)
Oh, yeah!
And we're starting
with a bang!
Know why?
Because we...
Are blasting into outer space!
I activate
the Action field spell
Cosmic Sanctuary!
(robotic voice)
Augmented reality combat
system energized.
Generating Action Field.
You fool...
Did you not realize space
is my special style of play?
Say whaa?
His name's Dipper,
as in Big Dipper?
He did warn you
not to forget.
(screaming)
Here we go...
It's showtime!
And time for me to represent
the You Show School
with my best...
'Cause the stakes are high...
My school's on the line!
The Action Duel is set
and both the duelists are, too!
Then what are we
waiting for?
Let's get this going!
Right!
Do the honors, Allie!
Okay!
Yuya, Dipper,
without further ado...
(both)
It is time to...
Duel!
♪